Nov 14, 2024 [[read-time]] min read 
          See the list of the newest fellows, and read reflections from nine PhD Fellowship Program alumni.
         It’s been 15 years since Google launched the PhD Fellowship Program to recognize and support outstanding graduate students pursuing exceptional research in computer science and related fields. At Google, we firmly believe in the connection between scientific advancement and social impact. We’re committed to supporting PhD students’ fundamental research through funding and mentorship, and see it as vital to transforming the way we approach the toughest problems across foundational science. Over the past 15 years, Google’s PhD Fellowship Program has supported over 800 graduate students from over 210 universities in 53 countries across Africa, Australia, East Asia, Europe, India, Latin America, New Zealand, North America and Southeast Asia. I'm thrilled the program has been able to champion PhD students at the forefront of scientific advancement around the globe. And today, I'm excited to announce the recipients of the 2024 Google PhD Fellowship program. See the complete list of Google PhD Fellowship recipients for 2024. As we welcome the 2024 Google PhD Fellows, I also want to take a moment to reflect on the journeys of some of our earliest fellows. Our program fosters a vibrant community of scholars who have gone on to shape the landscape of computer science across academia, industry and entrepreneurship. Their experiences and accomplishments exemplify the impact that passionate researchers can have on technology and society. Here’s what nine Google PhD Fellows from the program’s first year had to say about their experiences. Nine of the earliest Google PhD Fellowship Program participants. Top row, from left: Teodora Baluta, Rendani Mbuvha, Hari Narasimhan, Carolina Parada, Tobias Grosser Bottom row, from left: Futoshi Futami, Jungdam Won, Ali Farhadi, Tor Lattimore These fellows have made incredible strides since 2009, and it’s exciting to imagine what may be in store for the newest cohort, too. Here’s to many more years shaping the future of computer science. Let’s stay in touch. Get the latest news from Google in your inbox. 
              Follow Us
            