OpenAI seems to be the hot topic of tech news as it is not slowing down any time soon when it comes to its continuous efforts to establish itself more firmly and expand into new categories. It has not been long since the company announced its entry into the search engine market with SearchGPT, and now its plan to develop its own web browser has created quite the buzz. Naturally, discussions regarding the company giving some serious competition to Google, the search engine giant, are doing the rounds. As per an analyst, the company is determined to stir things around by being in talks with Samsung for a potential partnership. Google seems to have been the target of the DOJ for its monopolistic practices for quite some time. The regulatory authorities are firm on breaking Google's dominance in the search engine industry and even pushing the company to sell off Chrome. While Google's hands are full dealing with legal matters, the Department of Justice is not the only thing it has to worry about. Earlier, The Information suggested that a potential partnership between Samsung and OpenAI might be happening, but now analyst Dan Nystedt took it to X to share that OpenAI is in talks with Samsung over bringing its AI technology to Samsung's devices. This could be bad news for Google because Samsung is already a key partner and has been using Google's AI capabilities for the Galaxy lineup. OpenAI is in talks with Samsung Electronics to bring its AI capabilities to Samsung’s electronic devices, media report, which could mean a challenge to Google, which already provides AI services on Samsung smartphones. The OpenAI-Samsung discussions are said to mirror that… — Dan Nystedt (@dnystedt) November 23, 2024  Google's established presence in the search engine market is already being challenged actively, with tech experts suggesting that if the company is to sell off Chrome, it would make more sense for OpenAI to acquire it, keeping in view its vigorous attempts to bring robust AI-driven experience. With OpenAI not only challenging Google's position as the search engine giant but also looking for integration with Google's partner, Samsung, it can pose some serious threats to the company. Until either of the companies officially confirms its ongoing initiatives, the leaks or reports should be taken with a grain of salt. If OpenAI does end up collaborating, it would not only mark an intense wave of competition in the AI ecosystem but also could change the dynamics of the industry, given how the company is determined to establish itself extensively and advance AI technology. Subscribe to get an everyday digest of the latest technology news in your inbox  Some posts on wccftech.com may contain affiliate links. We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com © 2024 WCCF TECH INC. 700 - 401 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada 