Jul 12, 2023 [[read-time]] min read 
          An AI-first notebook, grounded in your own documents, designed to help you gain insights faster.
         At Google I/O this year we introduced a number of AI-first experiments in development, including Project Tailwind — a new kind of notebook designed to help people learn faster. Today we’re beginning to roll out Project Tailwind with its new name: NotebookLM, an experimental offering from Google Labs. It’s our endeavor to reimagine what notetaking software might look like if you designed it from scratch knowing that you would have a powerful language model at its core: hence the LM. It will be immediately available to a small group of users in the U.S. as we continue to refine the product and make it more helpful. We know people are struggling with the rapid growth of information — it's everywhere and it’s overwhelming. As we've been talking with students, professors and knowledge workers, one of the biggest challenges is synthesizing facts and ideas from multiple sources. You often have the sources you want, but it's time consuming to make the connections. We started to explore what we could build that would help people make connections faster in the midst of all this data, especially using sources they care most about. NotebookLM automatically generates a document guide to help you get a better understanding of the material NotebookLM is an experimental product designed to use the power and promise of language models paired with your existing content to gain critical insights, faster. Think of it as a virtual research assistant that can summarize facts, explain complex ideas, and brainstorm new connections — all based on the sources you select. A key difference between NotebookLM and traditional AI chatbots is that NotebookLM lets you “ground” the language model in your notes and sources. Source-grounding effectively creates a personalized AI that’s versed in the information relevant to you. Starting today, you can ground NotebookLM in specific Google Docs that you choose, and we’ll be adding additional formats soon. Once you’ve selected your Google Docs, you can do three things: While NotebookLM’s source-grounding does seem to reduce the risk of model “hallucinations,” it’s always important to fact-check the AI’s responses against your original source material. When you're drawing on multiple sources, we make that fact-checking easy by accompanying each response with citations, showing you the most relevant original quotes from your sources. NotebookLM is an experimental product, built by a small team in Google Labs. Our team has two goals in mind: We’ve built NotebookLM such that the model only has access to the source material that you’ve chosen to upload, and your files and dialogue with the AI are not visible to other users. We do not use any of the data collected to train new AI models. We hope that in these early days you give NotebookLM a shot. Sign up to the waitlist to try it out! Let’s stay in touch. Get the latest news from Google in your inbox. 
              Follow Us
            